Review and small corrections in Initiatives section (#38)
decidim/documentation: en/modules/admin/pages/initiatives.adoc

= Initiatives

> An initiative is a special type of participatory process that can be promoted by anyone (independently of other channels or participation spaces) through the collection of (online and offline) signatures for the organization to carry out a specific action (modify a regulation, initiate a project, change the name of a department or a street, etc.).

Reviewer: I'd prefer to use the same vocabulary as we use in the admin panel:
```suggestion
An initiative is a special type of participatory process that can be promoted by anyone (independently of other channels or participation spaces) through the collection of (online and in-person) signatures for the organization to carry out a specific action (modify a regulation, initiate a project, change the name of a department or a street, etc.).
```

The promoters of an initiative can define its objectives, gather support, debate, disseminate it and define meeting points where signatures can be collected from the attendees or debates open to other participants.

> Examples: An initiative can collect signatures to convene a consultation among all the people of an organization, or to create  an assembly, or to initiate a process of budget increase for a territory or area of the organization. During the process of collecting signatures, more people can add to this demand and carry it forward in the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples: An initiative can collect signatures to call for a consultation among all the people of an organization, or to create an assembly, or to call for a process of budget increase for a territory or area of the organization. During the process of collecting signatures, more people can add to this demand and carry it forward in the organization.
```

|Only allow global scope initiatives creation
|Optional
|Tick this flag if you enabled "Child scope signature" and configured the global scope as your parent scope. By enabling this, scope selection will be skipped in the initiative creation wizard.

|Enable promoting committee
|Optional
|Whether it will only allow individual initiatives (made by only one person) or allow collective initiatives (multiple promoters, being multiple individuals or a user group).

|Minimum of committee members
|Optional
|When "Enable promoting committee" option is checked, defines the minimum number of promoter's committee member to send the initiative to technical validation

|Collect participant personal data on signature
|Optional
|Adds a step to the signature process. When a participant clicks on the signature button, she'll be redirected to a form asking for some personal data. This will be used with the PDF export action after the recollection period has ended.

|Legal information about the collection of personal data
|Depends on whether the option "Collect participant personal data on the signature" is checked

> |Inputed text that will be displayed to the participant during the signature process, for privacy notice and terms of use of this personal data.

Reviewer: I don't like "inputed text", as all the HTML forms are inputs texts. It's too technical sounding. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
|Privacy notice and terms of use for the participant personal data during the signature process.
```
?
